hi everybody cometo here once again this
time with a defense so it's a defense
against somebody who used lightning
bolts for lightning bolts on my dark
elixir I don't know if this is a problem
for you guys as well but I get this
quite often and some of the plays in my
client get the same treatment or have
the same experiences I should say so
let's see this guy's base samus pup what
is it with the stranger names I can't
really space if I attacked it I was
probably looking for at least 200,000
gold so yeah maybe I do deserve the
attack but I still think lightning bolts
on dark elixir was a bit of a coward's
way to to make a loot I'm more than
happy to lose all of it you know take
$2,000 from me but attack me properly
for it
but people doing this you know drop a
lightning bolt off the lightning rolls
I really do hope that supercell fix this
in the next update I guess we'll see and
if you've got any comments on lightning
bolt attacks on dark elixir please leave
them below
whether it's positive or negative maybe
like doing lightning bolts on people's
dark elixir you see that's fair game you
know
that's fair enough so yeah leave a
comment if you've got a few so he's
taking up time hold I expect that and
I'm thankful for obviously had the
courtesy to take on a town hall and give
me shield or do you wanna shield because
I'm still playing so I attack tomorrow
straight up the line I logged on
as you can see he's taken out some of
the the structures around the edges the
mines and so on and so forth I'm not
sure why he's bothered
they're quite tempted to be further
there's nothing in them because I think
he was stalking me I'm literally within
two minutes of being offline as I
uploaded the video to YouTube it was a
base review and he--exactly literally
within within that short space of time
so he must have been watching for when I
was on an offline one thing he has done
is show me that this a bit of an weak
spot in that bottom right section for
warrior attacks so maybe I'll move the
defense which other to protect against
that in the future and he did the same
one for the top left but that failed
because as you can see a couple of
another ten was up there
the the wall breakers have no chance so
I won the pond in fact I wouldn't have
bothered that much of this attack maybe
the lightning bolts if I was that way
inclined maybe the Town Hall if I was
after a few champions for whatever
reason but I certainly wouldn't have
sent in another hundred or so troops to
try and take out gold mines and elixir
ports just doesn't make sense
waste of time they could have been
better spent on his next attack so
that's basically it
failure in my opinion but you know he
got a stock elixir may be that play is
helping so I rolled up the Expos and
I'll call this video um so close if
you've got any comments leave them um
pop tune in next time see ya